Add Intel vs. Arm blog post (#1753)
alcionai/corso: website/blog/2022-12-12-benchmarking-intel-vs-arm-for-backup-applications.md

price-adjusted relative performance where we see how many more MiB/s
we can process for the same dollar.

While there is color on some of the results not presented but give us
a shout on [Discord](https://discord.gg/63DTTSnuhT) if you want to see
the raw data.

### Splitter

Let’s first look at splitting, a critical part of data deduplication,
that uses rolling-hash functions. While there is a lot more
information available elsewhere, a rolling hash is a type of hash
function that operates on a sliding window of data, allowing it to
efficiently compute the hash value for a given chunk of data without
having to process the entire dataset. This is useful in deduplication
because it allows Corso and Kopia to quickly compare the hash values
of different chunks of identical data, even if they're not the same
size or don't start at the same point in the dataset.

The size of the blocks and the algorithm used to divide the dataset
are important considerations in deduplication, as they can affect the
speed and efficiency of deduplication. For these results we compare
the performance of Buzhash vs. the Rabin-Karp algorithm with block
sizes of 1MiB, 2MiB. 4MiB, and 8MiB.

> ![Throughput of Corso splitters](./images/benchmarking/splitter_througput.png)

Reviewer: <img width="759" alt="Screen Shot 2022-12-09 at 8 29 27 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/585019/206748039-dec890b2-ba61-457e-bfe0-5438f91da63c.png">
We either need to style these with a background or add some kind of bg to the .png, this isn't super readable

440% on a price-adjusted basis.

When we teased apart the hashing and encryption results, we noticed
that hashing, for the `HMAC-SHA-256` variants were up to 700%
(absolute)/870% (price adjusted) faster on ARM. In contrast,
`AES-256`encryption throughput on ARM is only 90% that of Intel’s at a
parallelism of 8 but, price adjusted, it can process 120% more data
for the same cost while `ChaCha20-Poly1305`'s performance is between
40% (absolute) and 50% (price adjusted) of Intel’s. However, given
that relatively more work performed in hashing, the difference
disappears when the combined work is taken into account.

While not presented here, it should again be noted that with
parallelism of 1, hashing and encryption on ARM was slower when using
`SHA3` HMAC variants for hashing but ARM starts to outperform with
parallelism of 4 and above. This once again highlights the
applicability of ARM to multi-threaded applications.

## Conclusion

The above results show how exciting ARM is as an architecture for us
data-processing nerds because of the performance and cost
optimizations possible. The improvement is a result of the hardware

> acceleration available on the ARM platform we used for benchmarking

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
acceleration available on the ARM platform used for benchmarking
```

> (AWS Graviton) and the optimization found in the libraries used in our

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(AWS Graviton) and the additional optimizations in the libraries used in our
```

> product. While these things will constantly shift, we're excited

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
software. While these things may constantly shift, we're excited
```

process. For each of the below microbenchmarks, we also varied
internal benchmark parallelism between 1, 4, and 8 parallel
goroutines.

- Splitting: Buzhash vs. Rabin-Karp algorithms
- Compression: Different variants of deflate, S2, lz4, zstd, gzip, and pgzip
- Hashing: Different BLAKE and HMAC-SHA variants
- Encryption: AES256-GCM and ChaCha20-Poly1305
- Hashing + Encryption: Combination of the above Encryption and Hashing algorithms

## ARM vs. Intel performance results

Given the large number of results collected (there are 372 distinct
performance data points!), we will only be presenting a subset of the
results collected for the splitting, compression, and combined hashing
and encryption microbenchmarks.

Within these results, we will focus on the numbers with parallelism
set to 8 and will focus on throughput numbers (higher is better)
measured in MiB/s. For easier visualization, we also present the
relative performance where we compare the throughput of ARM
vs. Intel. For a more price-accurate comparison, we also present the
price-adjusted relative performance where we see how many more MiB/s
we can process for the same dollar.

> While there is color on some of the results not presented but give us

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
While the results shown here are truncated for brevity, feel free to give us
```
